---
layout: post
title: Orientation Speech
---

Hello, Good morning to everyone. Respected Faculties, Parents, and my dear friends. Myself Neel Shah and, I completed my Bachelor's in CSE and Master's in IT between 2010 to 2016. (About me) 

First of all very congratulation to 2017 batch for selection in PU.  Today, your new journey is started, a journey filled with knowledge, a journey towards success, a journey with some failures, a journey of struggling, journey with bumping road. But one thing is sure you will collect a lot of memories during this period. So don't forget to enjoy this time. Because it is the time you always miss.

 Let me tell you my story.  When I join PU in 2010, I am an average student. I don't have any idea about an industry or about research. But my department, my classmates provide me an environment where, I learn new things every day, in the 4th year during my project year, my professor introduce term research in AI to me. And I got so much interest that I join Master in PU. during that time, a professor like Narendra sir and Lokesh sir always help me, they teach me about the different subject in depth in their free time. They always support me when I fail. I also remember Nilesh Kakade sir, because of him, I got interested in research and innovation. They help me develop nature to study hard as you can, put your best in everything I do without thinking about results. I remember the day when I sit like you, during my orientation vice man said, **"You will learn more from failure than success"**. Any my professor always help me so I can stand with that words. I know one event, when I ask a question about thesis writing to Harshal Sir, that time I just join master and I don't have any experience about thesis writing they guide me so perfectly that, Even in my Ph.D. I am using it.
 
 Here, a professor is not only for lectures, but they will become your mentors for your life. Here you will find your best friends, your future colleague and will make a life long relationship. Here, You will get excellence. One more suggestion doesn't forget your parents, call them every evening. I will end my speech with Great Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam quotes: **"If you want to shine like a sun. First, burn like a sun."**